[Music]
what is up guys
karma medic here and welcome back to
another dose i hope you've all been well
and are having a great start to the year
2021 i know this video has a pretty
juicy title
and bittersweet title and i'm sure you
all want to know why it is that i'm
going to take a break
so i'll get straight to the point the
bottom line is it's been tough
the last couple months of 2020 i've
found myself having some difficulty
sticking to this upload
schedule of once per week and also
balancing medical school
other aspects of my life friends family
my girlfriend exercise and just having
fun
that's why in the last couple of weeks
you've seen me upload videos that were
actually recorded quite some time ago
for example the dartford vlog and the q
a those were both recorded about a month
a month and a half before i actually
uploaded them now i still managed to
stick to my schedule of one video per
week because i told myself that i was
going to but i'd be lying if i said that
it wasn't pretty difficult i know a lot
of you guys think i'm like this
productivity machine that doesn't
experience the emotion of stress and is
just constantly on the run and going
which is partially true but at the same
time under this robotic shell i'm a
human and i can get overwhelmed just
like anybody else
in my fourth year of medical school i've
been finding that the hours demanded by
my program
are going up and up and up and since
medical school is a non-negotiable in my
life
in my list of life priorities medical
school falls in exactly position number
one
i have to continue doing it which means
that time that i've dedicated to other
aspects of my life is slowly getting
eaten into so i did some reflecting over
the christmas holidays when i was with
my family in jordan
quick side note you guys have really
seemed to enjoy that video i've read
every single comment and i genuinely
appreciate that feedback so much so
anyways i did some reflecting and i've
decided that this is what i'm gonna do
now i'm not gonna stop making youtube
videos because i absolutely
love making youtube videos in fact right
after i record this one i'm gonna record
another one because i'm excited i'm
motivated and i'm ready to do it i'm
just not gonna upload it
right now what i feel like i need a
break from is this stainless steel
concrete obsidian posting schedule that
i've made for myself of posting one
video a week every single week on
thursday in the next couple of weeks my
medical school exams assignments and
commitments are going to be increasing
in a fashion that looks exactly like
this and so i'm going to have my hands
full
i figure it's as good of a time as ever
to take a break you can expect to see a
study with me video at some point
just not my regular posting schedule i'm
not sure how long i'll be gone for
probably just a couple of weeks so
nothing too major but since i've told
you that i'm going to be uploading every
single week on a thursday and i want to
deviate from that schedule
i want to be sure to update you guys on
top of that every single one of you
watching is kind of like an extension of
my social life my friends and my family
people who i interact with on a daily
and weekly basis and so if i make a
decision like this i definitely want to
share it with you i'm still going to be
active on my instagram page so make sure
you guys follow me over there in order
to stay updated
and i'm starting plenty of new projects
in 2021. you guys might have already
noticed a couple of them in this video
if you've been paying attention so don't
worry i'm not going anywhere
i'm just going to take a quick break
skirt and then i'll be right back i just
need to give myself and also scrubs
where is he scrubs a mental break so i
can continue to do this for the long
haul there's no point in me pushing
myself endlessly or to the point of
burnout where i don't find this fun
anymore the whole reason that i've had
so much success on this youtube channel
is because i
genuinely really enjoy i have so much
fun recording editing scripting these
videos
and uploading them every single week and
so i want to change those things in
exactly no ways at all all right that's
definitely everything i want to say and
i think everything from scrubs as well
so i'm going to sign out and i will
catch you guys in a bit if you have any
comments or feedback
video ideas or just anything that you
want to say at all let me know in a
comment down below
and i will catch you in the next one
peace